AWS- S3 add aws api module (#12738)
demisto/content: Packs/AWS-S3/ReleaseNotes/1_1_0.md

#### Integrations
##### AWS - S3

> - Added the Timeout parameter, which enables you to define the amount of time until a timeout exception is reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *Timeout* parameter, which enables you to define the amount of time until a timeout error occurs.
```

> - Added the Retries parameter, which enables you to define the maximum retry attempts when connection or throttling errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *Retries* parameter, which enables you to define the maximum retry attempts until a connection or throttling error occurs.
```
